## How to build
>[!TIP]
> It's recommended to fork, clone, and build [Engine](https://github.com/novusengine/Engine) first and use a [symlink](https://schinagl.priv.at/nt/hardlinkshellext/linkshellextension.html) to link the engine into the `Submodule` folder of the Asset Converter.
1. Fork and clone the repositry
2. Open the project folder and open a terminal within the project's directory.
3. Use the command `premake5 vs2022`
> [!NOTE]
> You can change the files generated by using a different [action](https://premake.github.io/docs/using-premake) than `vs2022`.   
5. Open the new `Build` folder and double click the `AssetConverter.sln` file.
6. Set the build configuration to `Release`.
> [!WARNING]
> Make sure you set the build configuration to release. If you build this in debug, you exponentially increase asset extraction and conversion time.
7. Use `ctrl`+`shift`+`b` to build the solution or right click the solution and select `Build Solution`
8. The solution builds to `../Build/Bin/AssetConverter/[BuildConfig]`

## How to use
1. Download the `community-listfile.csv` from [here](https://github.com/wowdev/wow-listfile) and rename it to `listfile`.
2. Go to your `../World of Warcraft/_classic"` folder and copy the `listfile.csv` and `AssetConverter.exe` to this folder.
3. Run the `AssetConverter.exe`. If this is the first time running it, close the terminal.
4. A new file named `AssetConverterConfig` has been created. Open it.
    - If this is not your first time running the Asset Converter and you don't want to extract certain files, set `"Enabled:"` to `false` to the relavant value(s).
    - If this is your first time, make sure your file looks like this:
  ```json
  {
    "General": {
        "Version": "0.4",
        "ThreadCount": -1,
        "DebugMode": false
    },
    "Casc": {
        "Locale": "enGB",
        "ListFile": "listfile.csv"
    },
    "Extraction": {
        "Enabled": true,
        "ClientDB": {
            "Enabled": true
        },
        "Map": {
            "Enabled": true,
            "BlendMaps": true
        },
        "MapObject": {
            "Enabled": true
        },
        "ComplexModel": {
            "Enabled": true
        },
        "Texture": {
            "Enabled": true
        }
    }
   ```

5. Run the `AssetConverter.exe` again. This process may take up to 5 minutes, but varies from setup to setup.
6. When the Asset Converter is finished, a new folder called `Data` will be generated. This folder will be used by the [Game](https://github.com/novusengine/Game) and will be discused in that project's README.
